fixed link redircting to older version of website and added new link … (#768)
Atcold/pytorch-Deep-Learning: docs/en/week02/02-3.md

The Jupyter notebook can be found [here](https://github.com/Atcold/pytorch-Deep-Learning-Minicourse/blob/master/04-spiral_classification.ipynb). In order to run the notebook, make sure you have `the dl-minicourse` environment installed as specified in [README.md](https://github.com/Atcold/pytorch-Deep-Learning-Minicourse/blob/master/README.md).

> An explanation of how to use `torch.device()` can be found in [last week's notes](https://github.com/Atcold/pytorch-Deep-Learning-Minicourse/blob/master/01-tensor_tutorial.ipynb) and an example is shown in [this lecture](https://github.com/Atcold/pytorch-Deep-Learning-Minicourse/blob/master/04-spiral_classification.ipynb).

Reviewer: This is the correct URL.

```suggestion
An explanation of how to use `torch.device()` can be found in [last week's notes](https://atcold.github.io/pytorch-Deep-Learning/en/week01/01-3/).
```
